# Design

Home Away From Home (HAFH) is a resource-management game. The player is a
commander of a space station and their goal is to build the station, expand
it and solve various crisis as they come.

## Winning the Game

Successfully manage the station for 40 game-years, until your planned retirement
as a commander of the station.

## Losing Game

The game can be lost for the following reasons:

* Running out of money
* The station being destroyed during attacks

## Money

The currency is unnamed, symbol is Dollar (`$`).

### Income

* regular funding form Earth
* income from taxing hazard and commerce on the station
* income from renting rooms on the station

### Expenses

* station maintenance
  * crew salary
  * repairs
  * materials
* station expansion (materials, work)

## Station

The station is build on a grid. At the beginning of the game, the
grid is 10x10. The player places 'buildings' of different sizes into
the grid. All buildings  must be connected by corridors.

When the player runs out of space on the grid, that means there's no
more room on the station. This can be solved by constructing new section
of the space station. This should be reasonably costly, and take certain
amount of in-game time.

## Buildings

See buildings.md.

## Power/Energy

The station needs electricity to operate. Electricity is generated by the Power Core
buildings. If the stations power requirements are higher than the total power produced
by all operational Power Core buildings, non-essential buildings may become inoperational.


